Stop mutate `doc.parts` when printing `fill` (#13315)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/api/13315.md

> #### Stop mutate doc in `prettier.doc.printDocToString` (#13315 by @fisker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stop mutating doc in `prettier.doc.printDocToString` (#13315 by @fisker)
```

```suggestion
#### Stop doc mutation in `prettier.doc.printDocToString` (#13315 by @fisker)
```

> For performance reason, `prettier.doc.printDocToString` mutates `.parts` of the [`fill`](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/blob/main/commands.md#fill) command during print, it's now [pure function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pure_function) since Prettier main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance reason, `prettier.doc.printDocToString` used to mutate `.parts` of the [`fill`](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/blob/main/commands.md#fill) command during print. It was converted to a [pure function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pure_function) to ensure output correctness.
```
